title: 
date: 
categories: doc
---

[首页](../home/index.html) >[文档](documentation.html) > [领域资源](domainresource.html) > **详细描述**


*   [Content](#)
*   [示例](domainresource-examples.html)
*   [详细描述](domainresource-definitions.html)
*   [对应关系](domainresource-mappings.html)
*   [规范](domainresource-packages.html)
*   [Operations](domainresource-operations.html)


## 1.12.2.5 DomainResource - 详细描述

DomainResource资源中字段的详细描述

<table class="dict">  <tr><td colspan="2" class="structure"><a name="DomainResource"> </a>**DomainResource**</td></tr> <tr><td>Definition</td><td>A resource that includes narrative, extensions, and contained resources.</td></tr><tr><td>[Control](conformance-rules.html#conformance)</td><td>1..1</td></tr>  <tr><td>Invariants</td><td>**Defined on this element**  **dom-1**: If the resource is contained in another resource, it SHALL not contain any narrative (xpath: not(parent::f:contained and f:text))
**dom-2**: If the resource is contained in another resource, it SHALL not contain nested Resources (xpath: not(parent::f:contained and f:contained))
**dom-3**: If the resource is contained in another resource, it SHALL be referred to from elsewhere in the resource (xpath: not(exists(for $id in f:contained/*/@id return $id[not(ancestor::f:contained/parent::*/descendant::f:reference/@value=concat('#', $id))])))</td></tr>  <tr><td colspan="2" class="structure"><a name="DomainResource.text"> </a>**DomainResource.text**</td></tr>  <tr><td>Definition</td><td>A human-readable narrative that contains a summary of the resource, and may be used to represent the content of the resource to a human. The narrative need not encode all the structured data, but is required to contain sufficient detail to make it &quot;clinically safe&quot; for a human to just read the narrative. Resource definitions may define what content should be represented in the narrative to ensure clinical safety.</td></tr> <tr><td>[Control](conformance-rules.html#conformance)</td><td>0..1</td></tr><tr><td>[Type](datatypes.html)</td><td>[Narrative](narrative.html)</td></tr>  <tr><td title="Other names by which this resource/element may be known">Alternate Names</td><td>narrative; html; xhtml; display</td></tr> <tr><td>Comments</td><td>Contained resources do not have narrative. Resources that are not contained SHOULD have a narrative.</td></tr> <tr><td>Invariants</td><td>**Affect this element**
**dom-1**: If the resource is contained in another resource, it SHALL not contain any narrative (xpath: not(parent::f:contained and f:text))</td></tr>  <tr><td colspan="2" class="structure"><a name="DomainResource.contained"> </a>**DomainResource.contained**</td></tr> <tr><td>Definition</td><td>These resources do not have an independent existence apart from the resource that contains them - they cannot be identified independently, and nor can they have their own independent transaction scope.</td></tr><tr><td>[Control](conformance-rules.html#conformance)</td><td>0..*</td></tr><tr><td>[Type](datatypes.html)</td><td>[Resource](resource.html)</td></tr>  <tr><td title="Other names by which this resource/element may be known">Alternate Names</td><td>inline resources; anonymous resources; contained resources</td></tr>  <tr><td>Comments</td><td>This should never be done when the content can be identified properly, as once identification is lost, it is extremely difficult (and context dependent) to restore it again.</td></tr>  <tr><td colspan="2" class="structure"><a name="DomainResource.extension"> </a>**DomainResource.extension**</td></tr><tr><td>Definition</td><td>May be used to represent additional information that is not part of the basic definition of the resource. In order to make the use of extensions safe and manageable, there is a strict set of governance  applied to the definition and use of extensions. Though any implementer is allowed to define an extension, there is a set of requirements that SHALL be met as part of the definition of the extension.</td></tr><tr><td>[Control](conformance-rules.html#conformance)</td><td>0..*</td></tr><tr><td>[Type](datatypes.html)</td><td>[Extension](extensibility.html#Extension)</td></tr>  <tr><td title="Other names by which this resource/element may be known">Alternate Names</td><td>extensions; user content</td></tr>  <tr><td>Comments</td><td>There can be no stigma associated with the use of extensions by any application, project, or standard - regardless of the institution or jurisdiction that uses or defines the extensions.  The use of extensions is what allows the FHIR specification to retain a core level of simplicity for everyone.</td></tr>  <tr><td colspan="2" class="structure"><a name="DomainResource.modifierExtension"> </a>**DomainResource.modifierExtension**</td></tr>  <tr><td>Definition</td><td>May be used to represent additional information that is not part of the basic definition of the resource, and that modifies the understanding of the element that contains it. Usually modifier elements provide negation or qualification. In order to make the use of extensions safe and manageable, there is a strict set of governance applied to the definition and use of extensions. Though any implementer is allowed to define an extension, there is a set of requirements that SHALL be met as part of the definition of the extension. Applications processing a resource are required to check for modifier extensions.</td></tr> <tr><td>[Control](conformance-rules.html#conformance)</td><td>0..*</td></tr><tr><td>[Type](datatypes.html)</td><td>[Extension](extensibility.html#Extension)</td></tr>  <tr><td title="Other names by which this resource/element may be known">Alternate Names</td><td>extensions; user content</td></tr>  <tr><td>Comments</td><td>There can be no stigma associated with the use of extensions by any application, project, or standard - regardless of the institution or jurisdiction that uses or defines the extensions.  The use of extensions is what allows the FHIR specification to retain a core level of simplicity for everyone.</td></tr></table>